What dad
What's up?
bank
We freeze all of ourselves
Dad! Dad!
Dean Wang, how is my father?
Mr. Jiang is now on fire
Plus the newly transplanted bone marrow is not stable
Cause the condition to worsen
Need to extract
Donate the blood of a bone marrow donor
For further screening and testing
Hey, Kobayashi
Go and compare with Dean Wang to draw blood, right?
Are you still crying?
It's all because of that trash
Relying on himself as the heir of Huacan Group
Humiliate us like that
Makes my mother sick
Ok stop talking
You look at dad
I'm going to beg Xiao Cai
Dean Ma Wang can't buy it
The bone donation must have been exposed
It's okay, I'll figure it out.
Young Master, this is a cooperation contract for the tens of billions project.
Please take a look.
Thank you
You're welcome, sir
Chairperson Xiao took special care of me before going abroad
Let me take good care of you
You took good care of me
Thank you sir just